Teleport: Add AKS and ACR setup (#516)
Azure/acr: docs/teleport/aks-getting-started.md

ms.date: 02/22/2021
---

# Integrate Azure Container Registry and Project Teleport with Azure Kubernetes Service (preview)

[Project Teleport][project-teleport] allows container hosts to access pre-expanded layers within an [Azure Container Registry (ACR)][acr] that is in the same region as the container host. Using pre-expanded layers removes the time for compute and memory to decompress layers that are already available within the Azure network. Removing this decompression also reduces the time to create the instance of the running container.

Using Project Teleport with ACR and AKS is in preview.

> AKS preview features are available on a self-service, opt-in basis. Previews are provided "as is" and "as available," and they're excluded from the service-level agreements and limited warranty. AKS previews are partially covered by customer support on a best-effort basis. As such, these features aren't meant for production use. AKS preview features aren't available in Azure Government or Azure China 21Vianet clouds. For more information, see the following support articles:
>
> - [AKS support policies](../../support-policies.md)
> - [Azure support FAQ](../../faq.md)
> 

> > ACR Preview features are available on a self-service, opt-in basis. Previews are provided "as is" and "as available," and they're excluded from the service-level agreements and limited warranty. AKS previews are partially covered by customer support on a best-effort basis. As such, these features aren't meant for production use. ACR preview features aren't available in Azure Government or Azure China 21Vianet clouds.

Reviewer: This mentions AKS again, guessing you meant ACR here?

> - Project Teleport Support is provided through a [Microsoft Teams channel][acr-teleport-red-shirts]. [Requesting access to Project Teleport][teleport-signup-form]

## Prerequisites

* Ensure you have the Azure CLI, version 2.13.0 or greater installed.  
* Ensure you have the `aks-preview` CLI extension 0.4.73 or greater installed.
* Ensure you have Project Teleport enabled on your ACR.
* Ensure you have the AKS `EnableACRTeleport` feature flag under `Microsoft.ContainerService` enabled.

## Limitations

* Requires node pools in your AKS cluster to use Kubernetes 1.19.0 or greater.

> * To use Project Teleport with ACR and AKS, your node pools must use `contanerd` as the container runtime. AKS clusters with node pools using Kubernetes before 1.19.0 use Moby as the container runtime.

Reviewer: "containerd"

* Each ACR used must have Project Teleport enabled.
* Each ACR must use the *Premium* Tier and be in the same region as your AKS cluster. See [Project Teleport supported regions][teleport-regions].
* At this time, Project Teleport supports Linux containers on AKS clusters. Windows support is not yet available.

### Enable Project Teleport on an ACR

Create a [premium instance][acr-tiers] of Azure Container Registry in one of the [Project Teleport supported regions][teleport-regions].

Sign up for ACR Project Teleport using [the signup form][teleport-signup-form] and provide the resource ID of the ACR. Once enabled, you'll receive an email confirming your ACR has been enabled for Project Teleport.

> Once you receive a confirmation email, push an image to a new repository. You may also use `az acr import` to copy an image from another registry.

Reviewer: It might be nice to note that existing repositories are not expanded automatically?

> To confirm the image has been teleport expanded, use the following command, replacing `<acr-name>` and `<namespace/image>` with your acr and image name.

Reviewer: Note: This only tells us that the repository is teleport enabled, it doesn't indicate image expansion success. Also some tags could be unexpanded if the repository already existed.

---
title: Integrate Azure Container Registry and Project Teleport with Azure Kubernetes Service
description: Learn how to integrate Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) with Azure Container Registry (ACR) and Project Teleport
services: container-service
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 02/22/2021

> ---

Author: Isn't this part of our Azure publishing system?

# Integrate Azure Container Registry and Project Teleport with Azure Kubernetes Service (preview)

> [Project Teleport][project-teleport] allows container hosts to access pre-expanded layers within an [Azure Container Registry (ACR)][acr] that is in the same region as the container host. Using pre-expanded layers removes the time for compute and memory to decompress layers that are already available within the Azure network. Removing this decompression also reduces the time to create the instance of the running container.

Reviewer 2: add references for named links at the bottom. You need to do this throughout the doc

  --scope-map _repositories_pull \
  --query credentials.passwords[0].value -o tsv)

./check-expansion.sh ${ACR} <namespace/repo> <tag>
# example: ./check-expansion.sh myacr azure-vote-front v1
```

### Install aks-preview CLI extension

> To use Project Teleport with ACR and AKS, you need version 2.13.0, or greater, of the *aks-preview* CLI extension. Install the *aks-preview* Azure CLI extension using the [az extension add][az-extension-add] command, or install any available updates using the [az extension update][az-extension-update] command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use Project Teleport with ACR and AKS, you need version 0.4.73, or greater, of the *aks-preview* CLI extension. Install the *aks-preview* Azure CLI extension using the [az extension add][az-extension-add] command, or install any available updates using the [az extension update][az-extension-update] command:
```
